So we have already seen we are going with our project and that will be establish our team.
So I will tell you how we can proceed with further regarding to this.
Different things.
So.
Currently you can check here.
I created everything.
So now in the XML I added one theme dependency.
You can add it directly from the dependency manager.
Go do this or you can do these packages also.
So here you can check there are only one packages added which is basically this so packages view.
So what I'm going to tell you.
Basically what we can do is very easy.
Things just go to this package.
He didn't.
All right, click.
Go to New.
It will take some time for the first thing or after that it will automatically do your thing, then
go to package your packages package or don't delete this part, but keep it this further part.
I'm going to add service and hit enter so it will create me a service package for me.
So in that service package, what I'm going to do, I'm going to add some services or Java course classes.
So I will show you how I'm going to add that part also.
So let us see how I'm going to add or let me add one thing here in the services it.
That thing again.
Would Java class in view employee source.
So it will create one class, default class.
It will create for you for this purpose.
Oh.
So this is my employee.
Let's see how we are going to do this class and.
So.
Let me.
Okay.
So now we're done with this.
So.
Oh, no.
You need to three different different examples currently, which is considered some model and everything.
We are going to later take that part.
But let me change this class to interface so I will tell you what is interface.
Interface is nothing but some percent abstraction.
You can see it will achieve me.
It will give me 100% abstraction for this purpose.
So what I'm going to do, I'm going to add some list of employees.
I'm going to create a list of employees here.
So let me add list.
So I'm going to add one class also to face that part.
So I'm going to add that class directly here because I'm giving the name currently.
The name is not accessible here, as you can see.
So I will create that methods later.
But get all.
In not.
So currently these are things giving me error because I haven't created any employee part.
So I will tell you how I'm going to add that part.
Then we'll save employee.
I'm going to create one method void.
Stay.
Employee which is basically saving that employee part with again same.
Chloe.
Employee.
So what I'm going to do is I'm I created one method, same employee which consists employee.
So I will create that class Java class later in another package, but it will invoke that employee and
it will store that employee the saving part.
So now with ID part, ID part, I'm going to switch.
So employee get employee by ID I need to create.
So let me create employee.
So I'm adding here.
I already created some part, so I'm going to add that part in later.
So I'm mentioning this part earlier, but it will be very helpful by.
Employee buy ID.
Later part.
And.
Long 80.
So.
Let me go with the camel case only so there will be no error.
So this is the camel case.
Then.
Now again, create some.
Delete employee.
So I'm going to delete employee.
But I'd.
Long.
IDM.
And the next part of what I'm going to do is I'm going to add one page here and I will tell you how
I'm going to work that on that page in the letter.
So first thing, you may hear some errors, but these ignore these errors.
I'm going to create employee part later.
But let me add here, which is basically.
When library which is very simple import or not.
Spring spring framework.
Then I need to add your data.
Dot domain.
You can add star but.
I'm going to add your page.
So the library to incorporate with data with the pages.
So this is the basic library and going to use it.
So in the next part, what I'm going to tell you or the spring and everything.
So to see what the spring frame was and how it's going to go, well, I told you about the spring,
but what is the functionality of spring?
Spring, having some inversion of control, which is basically.
I see.
So there are different patterns to remove the dependency of programming code.
So if we have learned Java, you need some external libraries.
Java is also for that purpose, but inversion of control.
What we can do.
We are not performing a tight coupling in the dependency.
Tight complete coupling means if one is dependent on second, then if one value is changed.
Second values also change.
So that's very dangerous in deploying any application.
So regardless of that, what you can do, you can use couple things here.
Now, let me consider one example class employee which contains address address within this class.
Imagine class and employee and I'm sending address is equal to new address directly to the class.
So what happens if in the employee class I'm changing the value of some different attributes, it will
automatically change that part in address also.
Cool.
So that's really interesting why they need planting.
So it is tight coupling but inversion of control you can take you can use this IOC also you can use.
But the beautiful thing of spring is you can use injection dependency so that I added dependency part
in XML is basically injection dependency.
It's advantages of injection dependency or dependency injection is loosely coupled, easy to maintain,
easy to test, because you can take that dependency, set it or not.
It's not very tough job for that purpose, but you can choose that part later.
So I will tell you advantages.
These pre-defined plans come with gbk hibernate technologies already, so no need to create from this
dictum.
You you are getting some default templates for that purpose, like creating steam statements, creating
connection.
No need to require to add that you are you just need to add the properties.
It's very easy then lose coupling that I told you using dependency injection string framework is easy
to maintain.
Again, easy to do is because its application are required to server, but in the spring framework there
is one embedded.
So local, local or state server is already embedded in that.
So no need to worry about how I'm going to add external server.
So for the requirements also, I'm not mentioning you need external server, you just need a string
framework.
That part is already added in the spring.
Simple.
So let me move to the ID part, and we already created this part.
So in the project thing you can say here, in the next case I'm going to add some things, but I added
interfaces.
I will tell you later.
You will understand that part later.
I hope you understand.
Thank you.